continuing to innovate is always a
distressing for me so a good bush
huh
when this bird was created it was thought
for a big future and not for him to
just for that moment
We're always looking for things.
that have a process of
enchantment every year for her to
really she has two people
Not what I'm going to see this year and
we have achieved this over the past 17
years
I really enjoyed doing all the fast had
a break from Granny who is a
very very romantic thing 2
it was all an income that does not want
It was the most beautiful, but it was a
that touched me very much because
was remembered by my grandmother but all
the other trees were made with the
same affection with the same grip with
same thought with the same love
to pass the love of people with
lagoon rodrigo de freitas and the beach of
insurance and there I think she saw
that would be a very good thing not only
to the city as it was for those who will see
the tree and I think she's from
Congratulations on believing that
project that really is a success
winning, we have an element that
we will put in the water that we always
floated in the lagoon this time she
there will be a table that is a
underneath it is just a great
novelty we are going to use that we
we do not use this element